# CS-255-16271-M01
CS-255

The client was DriverPass, who wished to have a system that educated students and allowed an online learning environment paired with scheduled drive time with a professional driving educator. They needed their program to self-regulated driver's education information directly from the DMV's direct website. Students must have the ability to access their application on the web or through their handheld device to access their student profile, check their progress updates, do online courses if their tier of package elicited that, and schedule drive times. I believe the Business Requirements Document that I had updated after reflection from the professor was intricate while remaining direct to the point of what the project was trying to accomplish alongside its capabilities. 

If I had one part of my documents to revise, I would pick my explanation of the Systems Design Document from Project Two. I felt a bit all over the place with that project and didn't feel as though I picked UML diagram designs that depicted the project well. If I could improve it, I would have added more detail and steps that I initially overlooked in my diagrams. 

The user's needs were overall easy to understand from the DriverPass interview. Some things had to be assumed, such as how the DMV might feed into the system, and how the DriverPass system would automatically update their available drive dates and times after being selected by a student. When designing a system, it's important to anticipate the user's needs to make sure that the user is happy using the system and working with your company, and that another outside company can't harp on your downfall to fill the niche void that your system is lacking. 

Designing software is naturally complex, so I particularly resonated with the Gantt chart, so that each part of the project can be accomplished within a set timeframe. This is something that I will be using in the future when designing software. I believe that taking the time to lay out the initial framework for what the needs are before moving forward with coding is ideal because you can present the concepts to the client before beginning any of the ground breaking work.
